hey everybody today I'm gonna show you
how to make Olive Garden's meatballs
with spaghetti and sauce it's so good
okay
anyway what third first thing you wanna
do is get you some of my Italian sausage
and clean them like this if you can't
find some ground I used paste the links
and just take that skin off do that to
all of them the whole pound put them in
your Bowl and then come down with a
pound a hamburger meat
this is 80/20 Chuck okay and I'm gonna
add it to my bowl of sausage here
crinkle it all up real nicely and I'm
gonna get it all in here I'm gonna come
in with a few goodies to make it taste
good first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna put an egg in there okay and on
top of the egg we're gonna add 1/2 a cup
of Italian breadcrumbs make sure it's a
tag and then I want to add one teaspoon
of onion powder one teaspoon of garlic
powder and 1/2 teaspoon of salt ok and
now we want to get in here with our
fingers and our gloves on when I do this
I want to mix it up really really good
ok and when you get it mixed really
really good
want you to kind of flatten it down
where it can be covered with plastic
you know it'll me but oh wait a minute
we done forgot to put in one of the most
important components of this thing all
right and what is that pepper you can't
make meatballs without having pepper in
it you know to me anyway
so I give up on having clean hands when
I'm there with my fingers just did a
real quick mix got to make sure all that
peppers well distributed within the meat
you know I'm saying and I got it pretty
good so then I come out here with the
plastic wrap like I was telling you
earlier and put her on there and we've
got to go in a refrigerator for at least
four hours okay
let's ease all these spices get up
marinate into the meat and when you do
it's time to make some baseballs I mean
if you ever ate Olive Garden's meatballs
spaghetti oh baby they're good anyway
what you want to do is you want to get
your mixture and you want to spray a
little canola oil like I did on my pan
my baking sheet here and I'm gonna make
me some baseballs okay not quite
baseball size but pert near you know
what I'm saying and we need to make a de
that's what my mixture made two pounds
of meat made eight nice meatballs and
then I want you to put them babies in a
350 5 degree oven for an hour
after one hour take them out and I'm
showing you here that I tested mine too
that they were at 160 with an internal
temperature that's right about where you
need them when they come out of the oven
after that one hour if you know what I
mean
and once you get them to that point and
you are satisfied that your meat is done
I want you to transfer them into a nice
heavy skillet and pour in your favorite
spaghetti sauce try not to pour it on
the stove like I did okay and once you
get her in there
I want you to pick your spoon and move
around and line them up properly in
there where they'll cook evenly and
maybe get a little sauce on you know me
and my OCD I got a line up but perfectly
miss like every time and then come in
with a nice lid and simmer these babies
until they're nice and warm or thinking
you can take them like another maybe 45
minutes if you are too fast simmer to
make sure they're nice and dumb and they
are they're already done
160 inside and let it simmer like that
with the lid oh oh they're done believe
me okay
oh baby will you look at those d
delicious I guarantee you all right now
here we go it's time to show you what we
got now remember I'm a he that okay
a good chef would remove that piece of
spaghetti it fell over all my veggies at
another I don't know a good chef
probably would have made that spaghetti
flat where these meatballs don't want to
roll all over the place you know what
I'm saying I'm trying to go all out for
you guys I'm telling you you know I mean
I'm trying to go all out for you here
but shoot I said heck with all I'm gonna
do is eat it it's gonna be all mixed up
and run get it in there anyway so I'm on
a coder here with little
parmigiano-reggiano cheese Oh baby if
you don't like Parmesan Reggiano don't
add it and then I'm gonna come in here
at my fork folks and when I made this
yesterday I was so freakin hungry I'm
not kidding you i starving and I forgot
that I was just supposed to take a bite
receipt to eat supper ah under the
lights you know what I mean don't let
nobody tell you that we don't use lights
cuz we do you know what I mean hey folks
if you like spaghetti and meatballs I
know you're gonna love this give it a
try please rate comment subscribe have a
good date night